    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Its an element clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer.

    2. What is HTML used for?
        It allows the user to create and structure sections, paragraphs,
        headings, links, and blockquotes for web pages and applications.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        Attributes are always specified in the start tag (or opening tag),
        and usually consists of name/value pairs like name="value" .
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 is an HTML tag that indicates a heading on a website. Only used once.


    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
        Two examples are img and a.


    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        Every HTML document must have a TITLE element in the HEAD,
        section.

    7. What is an id?
        The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        he HTML id attribute is used to specify a unique id for an HTML element. You cannot,
         have more than one element with the same id in an HTML document.
        

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        The 'id' property can be used multiple times in a page

    10. What is a class? he HTML class attribute is used to specify a class

    11. What elements can I add a class to? The class attribute can
         be used on any HTML element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        HTML link open in a new tab by adding the target=”_blank” attribute.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image,
     if the image cannot be displayed. 

    15. How do I reference an id?
        The #id selector styles,
        the element with the specified id.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
        The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters,
         headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. The <div> tag defines a division,
        or a section in an HTML document.

    17. What is CSS used for?
        CSS is used to define styles for your web pages, including the design, layout and variations,
        in display for different devices and screen sizes. 

    18. How to we select an element?  
        The tag is put into the <select> tag.
    
